# Loops
PYT-102 Loops scenario 1, 2, 3, and extra credit
classroom attendance has a list for names and a list for attendance status. The variables for names and status are set to an empty string.
While student name is not 'done': the program will ask user input for the student name, and their attendance status, it then adds both to the corresponding list and prints them. After the user inputs each name, the program checks if the name is already in the list, if true, it displays an error and breaks the loop.
number_guessing has the answer variable, the guess variable, and the guesses list. The first loop runs for every guess in range(len(guesses),5). My understanding is that range is what allows me to set a limit (5 after the coma), len(guesses) returns the number of items in guesses which is reset to zero when the program runs. The loop asks the user to input a guess, appends the guess, compares the guess to the answer and repeats until five guesses are made or the answer is guessed correctly. The second loop simply goes through every guess in the list of guesses, compares them to the answer and prints out if the guess is high, low, or correct.
grade_calculator makes the class grades list and the grade variable. While true it will ask to input a grade, make that grade an integer, check if the grade is less than zero, if it is less than zero break the loop, else append the grade to class grades. Print class grades. Make variables for class average, passing students, and failing students. For each grade in grades add it to the class average variable. Divide class average (the sum of all grades) by len(class grades) (number of grades). For each grade in enumerate(class grades) check if the grade is above or bellow passing. If it passes, print a statement of the index, the grade and that it passed, add 1 to passing students. If it failed, print a statement of the index, the grade and that it failed, add 1 to failing students. Print the class average. If the class average is above 80 print a statement saying the class is high achieving. print the number of passing students and print the number of failing students.